Hey everyone.
Welcome back to Movie Recap.
TodayI'm gonna show you a movie called,
A Quiet Place.
It is a 2018 American horror film
directed byJohn Krasinski and starring Emily Blunt.
The movie is about a family is forced to livein silence
while hiding from monsters with ultra-sensitive hearing.
Let s start!
The film opens 89 days after an alien invasion
devastates the planet and wipes out most of humanity.
The monsters are blind but have stronghearing,
so they hunt wherever they hear noise.
The Abbott family, parents Lee and Evelyn,
carefully looks through a cluster
of uncollected prescription bottles for her eldest son,
Marcus,who is sick.
Evelyn gives Marcus some medication and uses sign language
to reassure her Deafdaughter, Regan, that her brother is okay.
Regan then checks on her younger brother, Beau,
who is drawing a picture of a rocket on the floor.
He signs to Regan, "Rocket. That's how we'll getaway.",
then climbs the mostly empty shelves and reaches for a space shuttle toy.
The toy fallsfrom the shelf,
but Regan scrambles to catch it before it hits the floor.
Meanwhile, the family'sfather, Lee Abbott,
has scavenged some electronics for a radio
which will boost its signal as wellas some cutting pliers for Regan.
Evelyn signs to her family that "It'll be dark soon"
and theyprepare to leave
when looks of horror come across their faces.
Beau has the electronic spaceshuttle toy in his hands
which Lee carefully takes from him removing its 2 AA batteries.
Hesigns to his youngest son, "It's too loud."
As the family departs,
Regan sneaks the toy back toBeau who then grabs the batteries on his way out.
The Abbotts silently walk back home ona trail of sand they've created.
As they come to a walking bridge,
they suddenly hear theelectronic sound of the space shuttle toy
from Beau who is pulling up the rear.
A horrified Leeraces back toward his son, but it's too late,
an alien creature quickly seizes and kills Beau.
The Abbotts are home on their family farm.
Lee is in the basement of the farm house
where he has setup an extensive surveillance system of cameras and monitors
as well as his radio and electronics
which he uses in the hope of contacting any other survivors.
There are also scores of variousnews clippings which report of an alien invasion,
as well as notes from Lee that read, "blind","attack sound", and "armour".
Evelyn, meanwhile, is in a cellar where she hangs a mobile she hascrafted.
Evelyn is pregnant.
She sets up an oxygen tank which is connected to an infant breathingmask.
It sits next to a covered, sound-proof baby crib.
Lee has moved up to the top of his grainsilo
where he looks through pictures of Beau.
Evelyn asks Regan to tell her father that dinneris ready,
which she reluctantly does.
After silent prayer,
they eat quiet foods on leaves of lettuceinstead of plates.
Afterwards, Regan and Marcus play Monopoly
when he accidentally knocksover a lantern which sets the rug on fire.
Lee quickly puts it out, and they quietly waitfor the consequences.
It seems as though they've dodged a bullet but then hear a loud noise on theroof.
Lee looks out the window and is startled,
but relieved to see a raccoon fall from theroof.
He heads down into the basement
to work on a cochlear implant processor which will helphis daughter hear.
Evelyn comes down where they share a smile
and a set of ear buds as theyslow dance to Neil Young's Harvest Moon.
While Lee is pouring down more sand on theirwalking paths,
Evelyn is in the cellar checking her blood pressure.
Her due date is just acouple weeks away.
She places a stethoscope to her abdomen
revealing a strong healthy heartbeat.
Regan enters the house being careful
to walk only on the marked parts of the floor which don'tcreek
and wants to go down into the basement, but her dad stops her.
He has added smallamplifiers from a stereo
to her new cochlear implant processor
and wants to put them on Regan,
but she stops him and signs that they never work.
Lee, disheartened,
hands them to her insteadand starts to set out on an excursion.
He wants Marcus to come with him,
but the boyis scared and doesn't want to go.
Instead, it's Regan who wants to go,
but Lee tells herto stay and take care of her mom.
She runs to her room and tries on the new cochlear implantprocessor.
When they don't work, she's devastated.
Regan packs a bag which includes her cuttingpliers
and a wrapped object from her dresser, then leaves the farm.
Lee has taken his son to the river where heteaches him that making
small sounds is okay as long as louder sounds are nearby.
Next to awaterfall they can speak freely
to each other without fear of being heard.
Marcus asks his dadwhy he didn't let Regan come
and if he blames her for what happened to Beau,
because she blamesherself.
When Lee says it was no one's fault,
Marcus tells him if he still loves her, heshould tell her.
During this conversation,
Regan has arrived at the walking bridge
wherea makeshift memorial has been constructed for Beau.
She unwraps the object from her dresser
which we discover is the space shuttle toy,
then uses the pliers to cut a wire which enablesthe toy
to light up without making any noise.
Back at home, Evelyn is carryinga laundry bag up from the basement
when it gets snagged on the stairs.
She manages to pull it loose causing her to fall
and exposing the point ofa nail sticking up from the stair.
On the way back home,
Lee and Marcus are startledby an old man coming out of the woods,
and then notice the dead body of his wife on the groundnearby.
Lee implores the old man to stay silent,
but instead he lets out a primal scream.
Lee grabsMarcus and runs as the man
is quickly scooped up and killed by an alien.
Back home, Evelyn'swater breaks.
She heads down to the basement
and impales her foot on the exposed nail comingup from the stair.
She manages not to scream out,
but drops the picture frames she was holding
which draws an alien into the house.
Evelyn pulls her foot off the nail,
switches on thered light-bulbs which run across the property
and serve as a warning signal,
and searchesthe shelves for a mechanical kitchen timer.
The alien slowly walks down the stairs into thebasement
listening for any evidence of life.
When the timer goes off,
the alienattacks it as Evelyn runs upstairs.
She sees another alien in the front yard.
Evelyn goes upstairs into the bathroom and sinks into the tub.
She's starting togive birth as the alien comes upstairs.
Lee has returned home and is horrified
to seethat the red lights have been switched on.
He signs the word "rocket" to his son.
Then tellshim, "I need you to make a sound louder. You can do it."
Lee grabs his shotgun as Marcus sprintsto a designated area
and lights a fuse which sets off a series of fireworks.
Lee searches thehouse and walks into the bathroom
where he sees an empty bathtub covered in his wife's blood.
He starts to weep believing Evelyn is dead,
then discovers that she is safe
and hidingin the shower with their new baby boy.
Marcus, meanwhile, is walking back toward thehouse when he hears an alien.
He makes a run for it into the cornfield,
but runs straight intoa tractor wheel, knocking himself unconscious.
Regan has returned home and notices the beam
ofMarcus' flashlight coming out from the cornfield,
but cannot hear the alien coming upbehind her.
But as the alien moves closer,
Regan's cochlear implant processor
startsproducing a high-pitched feedback
which distresses the alien causing it to run off.
Regan findsMarcus and they retreat to the top of the grain silo.
Lee has taken Evelyn to the cellar
andplaced his new son into the sound-proof crib.
Evelyn thinks about Beau and regrets
thatshe didn't carry him on that fateful day,
then, before getting some much needed sleep,
makesLee promise that he will protect their children.
Lee leaves to look for the kids as we see waterrushing down into the cellar.
Later, Evelyn wakes to find that the cellar has flooded.
On top ofthis, an alien has climbed down inside the room,
and the baby is sleeping in the sound-proofcrib but the top is open.
Evelyn carefully picks up her baby and slinks
to the back of thecellar behind the waterfall flooding the room.
On top of the silo, Marcus signs, "Don't worry,he'll come for us."
but Regan shakes her head replying, "He'll come for you."
All of a sudden ahatch on the top of the silo
breaks causing Marcus to fall inside of it.
As he's slowly drowningin the grain,
the alien in the cellar with Evelyn is drawn out by the noise.
The hatch breaks awaycompletely and falls into the silo just missing Marcus.
Regan, herself, jumps into the siloand successfully saves her brother
by pushing the hatch towards him so he can grab hold of it.
However, she herself quickly sinks into the grain.
Marcus climbs onto the hatch and pulls outhis sister to safety.
Regan and Marcus both sit safely atop the silo door,
but then theyhear a crash on top of the silo.
The alien from the flooded cellar jumps in the silo
asthe kids cover themselves with the hatch door.
They seem doomed until Regan's cochlearimplant processor
once again lets out a piercing feedback forcing the alien
to crash out the side of the silo.
Regan and Marcus crawl out of the silo and intoa pickup truck.
Lee has arrived on the scene and grabs an axe,
but is quickly attacked by the alienwhich causes Marcus to scream.
Upon hearing this, the alien heads for the truck and starts rippingit open.
This time when Regan's processor starts its piercing feedback,
she turns it off.
Now thealien can safely resume its attack on the truck.
Lee, who is badly injured, makes eye contactwith his daughter and signs,
"I love you. I have always loved you."
He then lets out a yellto sacrifice himself and save the kids.
They put the truck into neutral
and roll it back to thehouse where they reunite with their mother.
On the last scene of this movie,
Evelyn andthe kids hear the alien approaching,
so they retreat back into the house and head down to thebasement.
Regan, who was never allowed down there,
sees for the first time, the evidence of all thework her father put into repairing
and creating her cochlear implant processor.
She is overwhelmedwith emotion just as the lights begin to flicker.
The alien walks down into the basementand has them cornered.
Regan, however, scans a handwritten scribbling from her dad whichread,
"What is their weakness?",
then takes a quick glance at the hearing aids on his workbench.
And Eureka...!
She switches on her cochlear implant processor creating feedback,
and causing the aliento shudder.
Regan then amplifies the feedback
by holding the processor up against a microphone.
The alien collapses then slowly stagger back up on its feet,
but Evelyn has grabbed Lee'sshotgun and blows its head to pieces.
When they see on the surveillance monitors
thatthis little brouhaha has seemingly
brought every alien in the county to their home,
Regan turnsup the speakers while Evelyn,
with a smile, cocks the shotgun.
Thanks for watching.
See you in another Movie Recap.
Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE,
and click the bell icon to get new video updates...
Have a nice day !